Make component multi-instance capable (#16)
vshn/exoscale-metrics-collector: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/how-tos/installation.adoc

This component requires https://github.com/appuio/component-appuio-cloud-reporting[component-appuio-cloud-reporting] and is installed into the same namespace.
This is required for this component to be able to access the billing database and its connection secrets.
It also requires an Exoscale IAMKey and a Kubernetes/OpenShift Service Account token in the target cluster to get `buckets.exoscale.crossplane.io` resources.

== Sources

The data is matched from k8s cluster and Exoscale organization.

> The Kubernetes Service Account token is required to have `get` permissions on `Namespaces` and `Buckets`(either exoscale or cloudscale) resources.

Reviewer: Not sure what you meant. On both cloud providers, the bucket resource is of kind `buckets.exoscale.crossplane.io`
```suggestion
The Kubernetes Service Account token is required to have `get` permissions on `Namespaces` and `buckets.exoscale.crossplane.io` resources.
```

Author: Yes it will work only with exoscale buckets, updating the code...

This component requires https://github.com/appuio/component-appuio-cloud-reporting[component-appuio-cloud-reporting] and is installed into the same namespace.
This is required for this component to be able to access the billing database and its connection secrets.
It also requires an Exoscale IAMKey and a K8sCluster access.

> == Sources

Author: Added a dedicated doc page.
